{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs28\lang9 To\par
\tab The Regional Higher Education Officer \{R.H.E.O.\},\par
\tab Agra-Aligrah Region,U.P. Government,\par
\tab R.H.E.O. Office,Gwalior Road, Rohta Bagh,\par
\tab Near Panchsheel P.G. College, Rohta,\par
\tab Agra, Uttar Pradesh, Bharat.\par
Subject cum bullet points:-\par
                 \tab     \tab 1. Application for fixing/ providing final \tab\tab\tab\tab                         date  for finalising my case & reviewing your\par
\tab\tab\tab previous order dated 31/10/2022 as such \par
\tab\tab\tab undersigned is aggrived with the same \par
\tab\tab\tab because his too many reprsentations are \par
\tab\tab\tab still pending in your office for justice \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab                         despite citizen charter is effective in your \tab\tab\tab\tab                         office.\par
\tab\tab\tab 2. For directing  your office staff to put up \par
\tab\tab\tab the draft of my case in the light of this \par
\tab\tab\tab instant & present application because there \par
\tab\tab\tab was no delay on the part of undersigned in \par
\tab\tab\tab filing representation in your office.\par
\tab\tab\tab 3. No directions have been issued by in \par
\tab\tab\tab complience of endorsement dated  26/04/2023 issued \tab\tab                          by seceretary,M.G.B.V.P.G.College, firozabad till date as\par
                                    the same were against  the  provisions of the statute of  \tab\tab                          Dr B.R. Ambedkar university , Agra.\par
\tab\tab\tab 4. For taking disciplinary action against \tab\tab\tab\tab                           Principal M.G.B.V.P.G.College, Firozabad  as \par
\tab\tab\tab she is continiously & delebrately voilating \par
\tab\tab\tab your orders in terms of  ignorance of your \par
\tab\tab\tab previous communications. .\par
\tab\tab\tab -------------------------------------------------------\par
Respected Sir,\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab With reference to above subjects [specially 1,2&3] the undersigned have to submit as under:-\par
1. That  the undersigned  has been appointed as routine clerk in \par
M.G.B.V.P.G.College, firozabad   vide letter dated 23/05/2022 and joined his services from 25/05/20220n the basis of endorsement from your office 01/09/2021.\par
2.that  the undersigned  has met you personally  in your office and explained his case in detail & filed too many representations in your office regarding his problems but you are not aware of them as described by you in your previous letter dated 05/01/2022.\par
3.that  the undersigned want to draw your attention to the issue of continuous & delebrate delay in disposal of his case despite a letter dated 01/09/2022  has been issued from directorate Prayagraj in this connection having no. arth-1/3487/2022-23.\par
4.   that the details of my previous representations are  as under:-\par
          year\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab no of representations \par
\tab 2015\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 2\par
\tab 2021\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 3\par
\tab 2022\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 2\par
\tab 2023\par
\tab 2024\par
5.with reference to subject 4, it is humbly submitted that  a letter dated 22/09/2022  issued by you addressing  seceretary /Principal M.G.B.V.P.G.College, firozabad   copied to  directorate Prayagraj also.\par
It will not be out of place to mention here that all the actions of Principal M.G.B.V.P.G.College, Firozabad are against the law and having no resemblance with law of natural justice and resonable accountability.\par
6. Kindly initiate neccesary action at your level which would impell each and every person engaged in delaying process of my case by using technical methodology as being competent authority of the higher education department.\par
7. Before dilating upon the grievances of the undersigned  It is neccessary in the interest of justice to review you order dated 31/10/2022  so that all  the lacuna's detected  at any level may be rectified.\par
8. It is relevent to note that your this act of great kindness will pave the way in the direction of stopping of harrassment & humiliation of undersigned  at each and every level .\par
9. With regards to the grounds of this present application prefered by the undersigned, his contention are as follows:-\par
[a] Because the undersigned is facing injustice since last decade which is a very strong prima facie ground in his favour. \par
[b]  Because  the undersigned is suffering from mental & economical trauma despite no offence is made out against the undersigned.\par
[b1] Because   It hs been clear, consistant and vehement ground urged by the undersigned that almost 5000 days of his life & two and half crore breaths  have been passed in tension during pendency of his case.\par
\par
[c] ] Because  the stand of the undersigned should  also be considered as he is serving the department with  his full effeciency & no appreciation was given to him by you till date for his excellent performence whch is very unfortunate.\par
[d] ] Because  it has become crystal clear that contention of the undersigned is fair & legitimate this delayed process can be fatal for him.\par
[e]  Because  the integrity of any representation of the undersigned should not be compromised at any level.\par
[f] ] Because  the copies of all documents had already been submitted to your office  by the undersigned through his previous representations.\par
[g] ] Because  It is a clear affront to the freedom of speech and expression guaranteed under article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution and article 14, right to equality and a delebrate attempt to suppress and destroy  the legacy of the first Prime Minister of the country i.e.Shri Jawaharlal Nehru, who was guiding light for the undersigned.\par
10. That in the view of facts stated and submissions made above, the undersigned most respectfully prays:-\par
[i] kindly review your order dated 31/10/2022 & dispose this present application with immediate effect.\par
[ii] Pass such order or further orders which may deem fit,just and proper in the facts and circumstance of the pending case of the undersigned.\par
11. PRAYER FOR INTERIM RELIEF:-\par
[A]  Pass such order or further orders which may deem fit,just and proper in the facts and circumstance of the pending case of the undersigned in the interest of justice. A new  concept which deals with disposal of cases as soon as. possible so as to make the disposal process more efficient and trustworthy. The main aim of Right to Speedy trial is to inculcate Justice in the society.\par
[B] Restrain the undersigned from taking any coercive steps in this connection  or pursuing anyother remedy available under legitimate process during the pendancy of this present application in your office\par
 \par
AND FOR THIS ACT OF KINDNESS THE UNDERSIGNED AS IS DUTY BOUND SHALL EVER BE GRATEFUL.\par
WITH THANKS & REGARDS. \par
date:- \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab yours\par
Enc/s\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab ( Amit Kumar Shrma)\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Routine Clerk\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab                         M.G.B.V.P.G.College, firozabad\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab mob: 9837581004\par
copy for taking neccessary action in this connection:-\par
_____________________________________________\par
1Principal seceretary,ministry of legal affairs,Union Government,New Delhi\par
2 Sri Yogi Adityanathji, Chief Minister,U.P. Government,Lucknow.U.P.\par
3Hon'ble Minister, Higher education,U.P. Government,Lucknow.U.P.\par
4Principal seceretary,Higher education,U.P. Government,Lucknow.U.P.\par
 5 Director Higher education,Higher education directorate, Prayagraj,U.P.\par
6 seceretary /Principal ,  M.G.B.V.P.G.College, firozabad,U.P.\par
7Lokayukta, ,U.P. Government,Lucknow.U.P.\par
8 District Megistrate, Firozabad,Agra, pryagraj, lucknow.\par
9 Principal seceretary, Enforcement Directorate,New dehli  \par
10 Principal seceretary, central vigilence commission,,New dehli   \par
\par
}
 